hello good everyone we are here
in which we see totem because I want
teach us something also important about
the pictures these I understand from the
torrent you already know that these are
pictures of takeo of in 6 nikoláy and of
straight feng and there's another box here that does not
it was known who it was at first but
well was the other test subject the
Mexican who allegedly died
when rector zen was
good practicing with them not with the
test subjects that were them more
this what
who died good because part of these
pictures there are other pictures too
important here in what noberto do I have
I've never done videos about these but
it's important to talk about it and what
let's do are these pictures here
and now we say good we're going to
see these pictures have no equal face
that is the same as the other subject of
try the Mexican because he did not have the
face this is the test subject
in theory so that the other subjects of
Test attack or nikolai not see no
they saw who he was and they did not remember us
remember then the things that had
past and that rector feng well he had
killed and such not then so that
could remember but of course if that was
so they could not remember
because these four pictures here
he does not have his face either, that's my
Question
because those four paintings there do not
they have a face
I'm going to say in my theory about this
It could be them as young people
that originally they could be but
could be other characters among them
samuel one of them and who knows
the weasel wiesel said neither with line and
with line that rings me this name
who knows if it's not related to
these pictures but good
the thing is
if this has a chronological order this
map is worth talking about that and the
gas does not go if in one of the following
videos
if this has a chronological order I
I'm going to say if these footsteps if the group
Secret was here before us
now they were here means that those
pictures because notice that they are here
is here the catwalk is worth this
catwalk became intentional after
have to be destroyed that not of the
totem is worth it because you see the gap
the hole having been destroyed and of
that later put these tables
so that to put the boxes for
to be able to go through and put the pictures
paintings are prior to this moment the
that we are living now then by
some reason someone did not want that
we saw those pictures and I did not want that
since odense and nikoláy did not want
they saw those faces for some reason
Who are these four paintings I
I think those four figures represent
to those people possibly to those
people who were part of the group
secret and that here are in those pictures
although they do not look
that is my thinking people may be
one of them
samuel I think that if by blood
that he has in the sole of the shoes
could be perfectly could be the
characters these same characters but
of young people in plan as origin or maybe
be the other group of black ops 2 what
important is that these pictures keep
a great secret and it has to do with all
this story and everything that happened here in
totem kino
they will also be related to the paintings
from the farm
that disappeared from farm I think
yes
people here you have the mystery of the
hidden pictures in totem kino
give you like subsidies and until next time
video